FIX | Adding support for sharedInstances to managed SNI (#1237)
dotnet/SqlClient: BUILDGUIDE.md

  |AzureKeyVaultClientId | (Optional) "Application (client) ID" of an Active Directory registered application, granted access to the Azure Key Vault specified in `AZURE_KEY_VAULT_URL`. Requires the key permissions Get, List, Import, Decrypt, Encrypt, Unwrap, Wrap, Verify, and Sign. | _{Client Application ID}_ |
  |AzureKeyVaultClientSecret | (Optional) "Client Secret" of the Active Directory registered application, granted access to the Azure Key Vault specified in `AZURE_KEY_VAULT_URL` | _{Client Application Secret}_ |
  |LocalDbAppName | (Optional) If Local Db Testing is supported, this property configures the name of Local DB App instance available in client environment. Empty string value disables Local Db testing. | Name of Local Db App to connect to.|

>   |LocalDbSharedInstanceName | (Optional) If Local Db testing is supported and an Instance of that is shared, this property configures the name of Shared Local Db Instance to connect to. | Name of Shared Local Db Instance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |LocalDbSharedInstanceName | (Optional) If LocalDB testing is supported and the instance is shared, this property configures the name of the shared instance of LocalDB to connect to. | Name of shared instance of LocalDB. |
```

Nit: LocalDB is the official name so we should probably use that.
